[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: I am
your host, Emery Smith.
There been a lot of talk
about super soldiers.
What exactly is a super
soldier, and what abilities
do they have that are
above most humans?
One of the projects
I was involved with
was a super soldier
program, where
we were assigned with
enhancing the human body,
not only on a physical
and mental level,
but also on a psychic
and energetic level.
We experimented with various
ways of training and mechanisms
to enhance these
extrasensory abilities
to create a supertype soldier.
Today, I'm here with
Randy Veitenheimer
to discuss some of the
abilities that most of us
already have, but are
yet to be activated.
Hey, Randy, thanks for
coming on the show.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER: Good
to see you again, Emery.
>>SMITH: Well, there's all
this talk about super soldiers
on the net and all over
the place, people claiming
to be super soldiers, and also
different types of programs
and things you can find.
Could you maybe list some
of those types of programs
through your experience
that you heard of
or that you were involved with?
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's actually
been ongoing programs
throughout history.
Is training, discipline,
things like that
were to make you a better
soldier, whether it
was Sparta or the troops that
fought in the Vedic literature.
They were all the same.
Egyptians, everybody
had some program
where they would try to enhance
or increase a person's ability
to fight, and later
maybe to survive.
Right?
It wasn't so
important in history,
but now, so much time and
effort spent on soldiers,
it's an expensive proposition.
So now we have programs
that are trying
to enhance their effectiveness.
And one of the things
when I looked at it
is you have to be able to
have some way to measure it.
So one of the
things that comes up
is the idea of integration
of a new technology
or any new discipline,
and then how synchronized
you are with it, how
ability to work with it,
and then how can you
operate out of that.
Because if you can't
operate with the technology,
it's a waste.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So
what we have out
there is a lot of corporate
and military operations
and programs, and
they're not integrated.
They're all over the place.
You have everybody
trying to develop up
all these different
systems, and not all of them
work together, just
like any human being.
Not everything works together.
So for instance, there's
physical programs.
And these are pretty extant.
They're all over the place.
You can find any kind
of physical program
you want out there to promote
the growth and functionality
of the human body.
We have technological,
everything from AI
to electronic implants,
the ability for those
to communicate to us.
Just think about having an Apple
Watch on your arm in the field
and being able to dial
up information or receive
messages, particularly
from airborne assets.
>>SMITH: Sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
That would allow you
a greater proximity sense, a
greater awareness, battlefield
awareness.
If we go beyond that, now
we have physical implants.
And we have extra
exoskeleton type situations.
>>SMITH: Right, the mechanical
ones that I was, you know--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>VEITENHEIMER: So we have
certain mechanical super
soldiers, we have physical
super soldiers, we have--
just it goes on
forever, where somebody
had a brilliant
idea, but every one
of them, if they don't include
integration, synchronization,
and congruency, it's impossible
to evaluate the overall effect
of those programs.
And there's a lot more.
Remote viewing.
If you have a remote
viewer, if you
have a combat pilot
like on drones,
I would venture to
say they're probably
not effective at
physical combat, right?
Now, some of them may
be, but those are not
the skill sets that
they're being employed for.
So obviously you have
to have some idea
of where you're going to deploy
and what you're going to deploy
and what kind of techniques,
what kind of training
would help them best
execute their mission.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
And the problem is
it's divided across
the corporations
and the various
military branches.
So all these make major
advancements, but not
all of them come
together in a way
that we would say we
have a super soldier.
>>SMITH: Right.
Right.
What senses do we
have that are yet
to be activated amongst
the general public,
and how have they incorporated
that into these programs?
>>VEITENHEIMER: One
of the first one
comes to mind is,
in basic training,
it's common for inductees
to gain bone strength,
to gain mass, to
increase height,
even if they come in
at 18, 22 years old.
And it's one of the things that,
when you look at, let's say,
an enemy, is that they
may not have had that.
If you look at people that
grow up in the United States,
the amount of food information
density, we'll call it,
and the extent of it is amazing.
But if you go to,
say, the Middle East,
or you go to China--
>>SMITH: Indonesia.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --yeah.
>>SMITH: These
very small people.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>>SMITH: They don't have the
calcium, the milk that we have.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
They don't have
the bone density.
>>SMITH: And all the
hormones that come with that.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And they don't have the bone
density and muscle mass.
And then to introduce
that after 18 years old
becomes an add-on, as opposed
to an integrated program.
So we are super soldiers
in the United States,
in the fact that we have
available all the nutrients
out there, the entire
spectrum of nutrients,
that it will allow you to
grow and develop physicality.
Well, physicality, we see
it on our football fields.
We see it in all
our sports programs.
And then if we go to the
mental, mental training,
well, there's video games
now, but cognitive thinking
and cognitive processes,
historically Go or chess
or crossword, I mean,
there's a wide variety.
But when we start using
them as remote viewing
is when we start coming
into an understanding
of the reach of the human mind.
>>SMITH: And how do
you teach your students
to activate some
of these senses?
For example, how would
you teach a sniper?
You know, what things could
you do for someone like that?
>>VEITENHEIMER: I've
actually done this.
Had some students, and their
performance is exceptional.
And part of that is
increasing awareness.
And there's exercises.
There's a program of
development that I teach,
where your awareness can
include information around you.
It's called a proximity sense.
And it's called
proximate reality.
And so your reality of what you
sense just in your living room
or driving down the street
is actually very limited.
But I learned it in
Native American traditions
when I learned to hunt
at a very early age.
And one of the things
that I always find amusing
is, as a Native American,
we don't go hunting, right?
We go to where the deer is.
We go to where the fish is.
There's no reason to hunt them.
There's no reason to
wander around, because they
have a presence in the field.
And now we're back to that.
So I explained to my students
that, in any square mile,
you could locate the
presence of an enemy,
you could identify
the number, you could
identify direction of travel.
Oh, I'm talking about
Native American, where
we talk about deer
or we're talking
about turkeys or
anything else, but it's
the same kind of sense.
It's just I refined
it into techniques,
teachings, trainings
that allows somebody
to develop those skills and
extend their awareness to be
inclusive at any distance.
So that's just one
aspect of where
we would say that was mental
training or awareness training.
>>SMITH: Right.
Also while working in
the genetic programs,
I noticed that there
are certain markers,
I'll say, that I do
believe are primal,
that come already with us.
Does everyone come equipped with
this type of sensories, or not?
>>VEITENHEIMER: There's a
difference between activation
and expression.
Just to move to the
side a little bit,
women have a much greater
informational exchange
at an emotional
level than men do.
They have about--
>>SMITH: I can definitely
attest to that.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --to the
extent it's about seven times.
So we can kind of
calibrate these things,
and find that, say, when a
male says hello, it's hello,
and when a female
says hello, it may
be when did you get
divorced, and what happened,
and I mean there's all
this other content.
What that means is that the
available information is not
only processing and
present in the individual,
it's available to
the other person.
So team dynamics would benefit.
And it's one of the things
I think is kind of we'll
call it interesting that the
military excludes females,
when there may be
a super soldier
aspect to their presence.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And nobody
ever thinks about these things.
>>SMITH: I know.
I just recently saw on the cover
page of one of the magazines,
you know, the first female
warrior frontline soldier.
And it's like, this
is long overdue.
Trust me.
Could you give me an
example of how those senses,
or maybe something
that you worked with?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The conversation
comes up of being human,
where we have integrated
programming that
says do not kill, do not harm
someone, do good, be good,
feel good.
Right?
Some of us look good.
And when you start going
through that, where does it
fit in killing an enemy?
Right?
It's the opposite programming.
So what happens-- and it's
unique to human beings--
is we have a mammalian brain
overlaying a reptilian brain.
If there was any evidence
needed of us being artificially
engineered, our
origins somewhere out
in the universe,
that would be it,
because it's just not logical.
How's that?
And that's how we run into.
So now let's say I take a person
and train them to be a soldier.
The idea is that I'm
encountering somebody
who already has programming.
Right?
And I'm going to teach them to
go against that programming.
What do you think's
going to happen?
It's called an
internal conflict.
And it shows up,
obviously, with a number
of people that now have PTSD.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: That's an
internal conflict, where
they have been programmed
for 18 or 20 years,
and now we have a new program
that says it's OK for you
to kill the enemy.
Right?
To protect yourself.
Killing is a reptilian aspect
of human consciousness.
It's not a mammalian
particularly, right?
So again, we're back to
integration, synchronization,
congruency.
And the activation of
the reptilian brain
as a portion of combat skills
is something that's really never
been taught openly.
And I was the recipient
of a lot of that training,
and pass it on to my students.
>>SMITH: So why is it
that some of these,
you know, children were
born already with these,
you know, special abilities of
being psychic and more aware
than others?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well,
you had stated it earlier
when you talked
about activation,
and what I refer
to as expression.
So even if we take the mammalian
and overlay to the reptilian
brain, it's the
amount of energy that
is expressed through each one.
When you're really angry
and mad or in a bar fight,
you are not necessarily logical.
You're not necessarily
mammalian and nurturing.
Right?
In fact, we would say
there's other aspects that
come into play.
>>SMITH: Fight and flight
and all those hormones.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Those
are all reptilian.
They are not
necessarily mammalian.
So what happens is
like certain people,
by virtue of their
biology and genetics
and what I call the
incoming consciousness,
may express higher theta
waves or higher beta waves.
They might be harder workers.
And so it's an expression
of what is going on already
in the physicality.
But one of the things
about the reptilian brain
is that the difference
between a killer
and the difference between
a killer and a soldier.
A soldier should
be able to engage
all the senses necessary for
its expression and survival.
That's all humans.
So we could say that the
reptilian brain is actually
necessary for human survival.
But somebody who's locked
in to the reptilian
is what we would call a killer.
It's somebody
that's cold-blooded,
we have all the language for.
And in the news, we try to
explain these serial killers.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: They have become
locked into the reptilian.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
what's interesting is
it's possible to measure this.
We can measure the relative
amount of integration
between the mammalian
and the reptilian,
and we can measure the amount
of energy flowing through it,
because if there is no energy
flowing through your reptilian
brain, you're not
very aggressive.
Right?
>>SMITH: True.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And so it has
some interesting applications
that I've looked at, like
in sports and other fields,
other than just military.
>>SMITH: What are those
benefits for raising--
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, the
survival in the reptilian
is obviously the major function.
But with it comes a
cold-bloodedness, a willingness
to sacrifice all these things.
And on the mammalian side,
we see it as nurturing,
the desire to take
care of, the desire
to engage in
endorphin production,
if we want to move
it to the chemical.
And what I like is
people tend to want
to take university
classes, or they
want to take something
formalized education.
And if you look at film,
if you look at the movies
and stuff out there,
every once in a while,
they hit upon a truth.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: They
hit upon a truth--
>>SMITH: I've seen this.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --that
you can use and integrate
into your life or explore
as a path of learning.
>>SMITH: Could we now jump to
EMF, electromagnetic fields,
and the senses behind them?
And we alone admit, you
know, energy and receive
energy, you know,
of these fields.
You know, what is
that all about?
What is EMF?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The forces
of magnetism and electricity
interacting with a
human life force.
It's the other field,
the other force
that's not expressed
or talked about,
because without human life,
none of this makes any sense.
Right?
So they want to give all
this importance to EM
and gravitation and
everything else,
but human consciousness they
turn around and say right away
has an influence on all this.
This is how you be creative.
This is how you
create your reality.
But the truth of the matter
is that we're not aware enough
to be interactive as a rule.
It's back to that
observation and the idea
of being observational, and
to take the observer status.
There's you a program.
There's a program, and
as I referred to earlier,
it's the same program where you
learn to go where the fish are.
Right?
And we know that people, certain
people, have these abilities.
They always find a fish.
They always find a deer.
They always find whatever
they're looking for.
And that's because
they're field interactive.
And not just with
electromagnetic fields,
but also with fields
of consciousness,
and even collective
consciousness
in the universal field.
>>SMITH: They're cheating.
They're already know
where the fish is.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes, absolutely.
It's what I do.
>>SMITH: How dare they.
I also feel the need to
mention how the body is always
trying to keep in
balance, in homeostasis
over these negative
impacts of EMF fields.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
One of the things
that occurs from that is you
don't have an immune system.
We can throw that out the door.
It cannot be excised
out of the body.
So in my research, you
have an immune response.
You actually have
about 26 of them.
And those are energized.
So when you come in contact
with a pathogen or a substance,
you may activate one, all, or
some partial aspect of that.
When they're
activated, they have
to have energy to support
them, support their activation,
support their expression.
And you may not have
enough energy to do that.
And then we would
say you get sick
or you have a cold or whatever.
>>SMITH: But if you
had the awareness.
>>VEITENHEIMER: If you
had the awareness--
>>SMITH: That it was going on.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
--you could block it.
>>SMITH: Ah.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And you would
be-- and the language is,
with a big enough energy field--
I teach 9 foot's a minimum.
30 feet is better.
30 feet becomes sort
of a protective barrier
against a lot of this.
But now you have the ability to,
say, be relatively unaffected.
>>SMITH: Is that
consciousness awareness,
then, you're speaking of?
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's actually
an integrated process
of everything we talked about
in the super soldier program.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: In other
words, all these things
become possible
through potential.
And that's why people use
crystals and wear rings
and bracelets and omelets
and-- not the kind
you eat, but all these different
processes are in some way
to engage the mind
with an object
to a greater benefit than
that which you think you have
if you don't have that
ring or that bracelet
or M-16 or anything else.
>>SMITH: I was about to
say, in the military,
they never gave me a crystal,
but they did, you know,
explain some things, like what--
how would you
explain to the public
of you teaching them this
situational awareness,
I'll call it?
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Meditative practices.
They start very simple.
There's classic ones
that I really enjoy.
One of them would be to sit and
close your eyes and drop a pin.
And we have the term,
you ever hear a pin drop.
>>SMITH: Sure.
Sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Now, watch.
And I gave this to a student.
And then you flip the
pin about five feet.
Now, it takes a blank room to
do this, because the acoustics.
And then you keep
throwing the pin.
OK?
Right?
>>SMITH: Familiar
with this, yes.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So you
get out to 30 feet.
Now what do you do?
With your eyes closed,
go pick up the pin.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So now,
you have interaction.
You have connection.
And without connection,
there's no interaction.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
And that's where the
emotional also state
of some of these amazing
soldiers, many of your students
have explained some things
after they get back from combat.
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's
not just combat.
Number one, when I
teach these things,
it's the same things
in everyday life.
It's the same thing
in relationships.
It's the same thing in jobs.
It's the same thing in
corporations I work with.
And that is
situational awareness.
Right?
>>SMITH: Mhm.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Gives
you an opportunity
to express yourself.
Now, are you going
to express yourself
from the mammalian side or
from the reptilian side?
Are you going to
express yourself
from a logical standpoint
or an emotional standpoint?
There gives you four
vectors that we could, like,
diagram and start getting an
idea of how each person reacts
at any given moment to
any given situation.
And one of my students, I
said, OK, first time in combat,
what was your response?
And he said, well,
I started laughing.
And so I started laughing, too.
And he said, then I looked at my
spotter, and he was not amused.
He had been in combat before,
and had developed an attitude
that this was not
a laughing matter.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So
he said I immediately
changed my position, my mental
position, to one of, oh my,
we need to be serious here.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right?
But you know, one
of the things is
joyfulness is a higher flow,
and higher level of energy flow.
If you are joyfully in
combat, if you are joyfully
engaged in work at your
job, if you're joyfully
engaged in your
relationship, you
are going to get
a better outcome.
You're going to
survive that encounter,
you're going to
survive that day.
But if you go to a high
emotional state of fear, fight,
flight, freeze, and
other negative emotions,
then you're not
going to do well.
You're going to suffer,
is what it amounts to.
>>SMITH: Is there anything
in the natural world
that actually could suppress
this from us, these senses?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes,
all kinds of things.
>>SMITH: Such as?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The loading
in the electromagnetic field,
the loading in
different chemicals,
say in our water
and food supply.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: The difference
in we call them intake.
When you vary the intake.
Now we have all the
diets in the world.
When you vary output.
Oh, now we have all
the exercise programs.
And so now we have I&O,
right, input, output,
then we have GIGO,
garbage in, garbage out.
This applies across the
boards, whether it's
your physical system, mental
system, emotional systems.
And people, the problem is
people don't have a forum.
These are subjects
where you would
be able to sit down with either
your partner or with a friend,
and just start exploring.
How do I respond?
Can you tell me, you've been
around me for several years,
how I respond to conflict,
how I respond to opportunity?
And those two things alone
would open up a whole range
of ability to improve yourself.
And they would be beneficial.
And they didn't require
therapy, they didn't require.
It just required a
conversation, and allowing
yourself to become aware of
who you are, how you are,
what you do.
Right?
>>SMITH: And how you respond.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
how you respond.
>>SMITH: Excellent.
Excellent.
And is there anything out there
now that they can actually
suppress the general
public's senses
that you're aware of, such as
like HARP and things you hear?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well,
they have I call them
active denial systems.
And an active denial
can be sound or light.
It can be across an EM spectrum.
Fortunately or unfortunately,
they haven't really
explored the entire
spectrum, so we're actually
pretty safe right now
with what they've got.
But there's probably more to
come, is what I would call it.
>>SMITH: Sure.
Sure.
It's not just, you know, walking
through the airport, you know,
devices there and
things like this.
>>VEITENHEIMER: One
of the easiest ways
to explain what
we're talking about
is going to a rock and
roll concert in the '70s.
Were you affected?
Were you affected by sound?
Were you affected by proximity
to other people's thoughts
in a condensed area?
This is mob psychology.
This is the mobs you
see in Paris right now.
This is combat situations.
All these things are
going on, but nobody ever
really examined them
and delineated them
in a way and put metrics on
them to where we could actually
go for process improvement in
our ability to be ourselves
and to be human.
>>SMITH: Right.
And Bearden explains this in a
lot of his books about scalar
inferetrometry and how
they're able to turn up crime.
You know, they can beam
a weapon down into DC,
turn the crime up,
or turn it down.
Are you aware of any
of these satellites
and other land-based and
underground-based devices?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah, they
have land-based systems.
Things like HARP and what
you're describing is--
it's interesting that,
back in the '70s--
that's the benefit
of being old, is
that there were programs
to use the ionosphere
for communication purposes.
And that's kind of like how
that research got started.
And then there was the Taos
Hum and the ELF, extremely low
frequency, waves.
Again, for communication.
And I've experienced
both of those.
And the thing about it is all
those frequencies start having
an effect on how you feel.
Right?
And I think my brother
expressed it best.
He said that he never
considered drinking till he
listened to George Jones.
So there's music out
there that obviously makes
you feel sad or depressed.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
There's music that
makes you feel better
or feel uplifted.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>VEITENHEIMER: There's music
that makes you feel excited,
Steppenwolf or
something from the--
there's all kinds of things.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And what we
do is take each one of those
and start seeing, like,
how do I react to it?
Again, it's self-observation.
To become the observer
becomes the exact thing
that needs to happen.
And it's not observing
everybody else through Pinterest
and all these other
things, Instagram.
It's observing yourself.
>>SMITH: And how can
we protect ourselves
from these negative
waves that may or may not
cause harm to us?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The easiest
way is strategic withdrawal.
And what that means is--
>>SMITH: Besides
going under a-- you
know, building an underground
facility with 6 feet of lead.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --no.
Take time to yourself.
Take time to yourself in
a space that let's say
is not exposed to the
elements and to the air.
Right?
And so to be in a
building like at the gym.
They're generally
pretty well built,
and they're going to
block a lot of it, right?
And so it should become
that you become relaxed,
like in your home.
You should be able to
go home, become relaxed.
If you're relaxed, your inner
field has a chance to expand.
And if you're under attack, the
thing that we try to override
is your desire to contract
your energy field.
If you're under attack, you
need to expand your energy.
>>SMITH: You need to move.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But it's
a natural phenomenon
that people want to shrink down.
Remember the guy
getting shot at.
His partner wants to
shrink down out of fear.
And we want to do
the exact opposite.
We want to have a
bigger inner field
so we can have a better
chance at survival.
And this applies whether
it's EMF or bullets
or whatever is
coming down the pike.
>>SMITH: Well, thank you,
Randy, for coming onto the show,
and can't wait to have
you back next time.
>>VEITENHEIMER: You're welcome.
>>SMITH: That was a fascinating
discussion with Randy
on some of the hidden
senses of the human body
and how they can be activated.
Hope to see you in
the next episode.
I'm your host, Emery Smith.
And remember, stay vigilant.
[MUSIC PLAYING]